good but bad
great but awful
nice but terrible
excellent but horrible
wonderful but disgusting
amazing but dreadful
fantastic but appalling
brilliant but atrocious
perfect but ghastly
superb but revolting
outstanding but vile
magnificent but repulsive
marvelous but hideous
splendid but loathsome
fabulous but detestable
terrific but abominable
incredible but execrable
remarkable but odious
exceptional but repugnant
phenomenal but nauseating
impressive but sickening
admirable but disturbing
delightful but offensive
charming but repellent
appealing but disagreeable
attractive but unpleasant
pleasant but nasty
enjoyable but harsh
satisfying but bitter
refreshing but sour
comfortable but uncomfortable
relaxing but stressful
peaceful but chaotic
calm but frantic
serene but turbulent
tranquil but agitated
soothing but irritating
gentle but rough
soft but hard
smooth but jagged
elegant but crude
graceful but clumsy
stylish but tacky
chic but gaudy
sophisticated but vulgar
refined but coarse
polished but shabby
pristine but dirty
clean but filthy
fresh but stale
beautiful but ugly
lovely but hideous
gorgeous but revolting
stunning but repulsive
handsome but disgusting
pretty but ghastly
adorable but awful
cute but horrible
sweet but bitter
kind but cruel
gentle but violent
warm but cold
bright but dark
light but heavy
fast but slow
quick but sluggish
sharp but dull
clear but murky
pure but contaminated
clean but polluted
healthy but sick
strong but weak
powerful but feeble
robust but fragile
solid but flimsy
stable but unstable
secure but vulnerable
safe but dangerous
easy but difficult
simple but complex
plain but ornate
humble but arrogant
modest but boastful
quiet but noisy
silent but loud
peaceful but violent
calm but agitated
still but restless
steady but erratic
consistent but inconsistent
reliable but unreliable
trustworthy but deceptive
honest but dishonest
truthful but false
genuine but fake
real but artificial
natural but synthetic
organic but processed
fresh but rotten
ripe but spoiled
new but old
